Align playbooks replyOptions and nexttasks (#22451)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/4_9_4.md

#### Playbooks
##### Cortex XDR - True Positive Incident Handling

> - Fixed an issue of ***replyOptions*** not being aligned with ***nexttasks*** according to new validations.

Reviewer: I think this gives more clarity for the end users
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the reply options given by the conditional task were not aligned with the actual tasks of the playbook.
```

Author: https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/22451/commits/0ea6e5a6a38f4df5ae563df2b2fffcab9e208baa
